Also very similar to the sets whenever you initialize your maps you can actually start them off with
some seed data.
But the way we do it is a little different.
Whenever we pass in the array so make a new map right here will do.
Let me make sure to comment out your old map and inside of here like before with sets we're going to
pass in an array.
The difference is that every item in the array must itself be an array.
And inside of that array item right there the first item in this array is going to be the key and the
second item is going to be the value.
So you can see right here we pass in an array and then every item inside of the array must itself be
an array where this item this first into see right here is the key.
And the second into C is the value.
So after that I'll add another one.
We'll do something like age set that equal to what's a good age 39 and then if we go ahead and try and
get these you'll see counselled or log map doget and we'll just get the name and then we'll copy this
and go down and then we'll get the age and then if we go ahead and print this out and just see what
the size is you'll see it works just as you would expect it to.